                                                            HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
                                       
                                     Here i started my first blog we can discussed about the   Differance between the Http1.1 vs Http2
                            Http :

                            Http means Hyper Text Transfer Protocol it is an application-layer protocol for transmitting hypermedia documents
                            such as Html.
                           
                            WWW means World Wide Web.  It is Communication between  webclient and servers.It's invation in 1989.

                            Protocol:

                                     A network protocol is established set of rules that detemine how data is transmitted between 
                            the different devices in the same network..
                          
                            Http 1.1:

                                     It's load resources one after the other so if one resources cannot be loaded,it blocks all the other 
                            resources behind it.It was the third version of http and standarted protocol  for over 15 years. It introduced  
                            persistent connections for improved performance and laid the foundation for standarted such as 
                            GET,HEAD,PUT,POST.
                              
                            Http2.2 :
                              
                                    The Http2 is able to use single TCP connection to send multiple data at once so that no one resources blocks
                            and other resources.

                            In that following conditions first wen can discussed about the Http and Http 1.1 and Http2 ... and now we can 
                            discussed about the  Major differance between the Http1.1 vs Http2.

                                  From the release of Http1.1 in 1997. and the Reimagined version called Http2 and it's offered several methods
                            to decrease the latency especially when delaying with mobile and server intensive graphice and videos.

                                                 Differance between HTTP1.1 vs HTT2
                              
                            1.The Http2 is  much faster and more reliable than Http1.1
                            
                            2.Http1.1  loads single request  foe every Tcp connection while Http2 avoids the network delay by using multiplexing.
                            
                            3.Http1.1 introduce a warning header field to carry additional information about the status of message define 24 
                              status code error reporting is quick and more effficient.The Http1 is underlining the semantic of http such has 
                              header status code remaining the same.
                            
                           4.Http 1.1 used NTLM authendication and the Http 2 securing concerns from previous versions.
                                     
                           5.Http 1.1  faster delivery of web pages and reduce webtraffic oof compared to http 1.0 and the Http 2 utlizes 
                             multiplexing and server push to  effectively reduce pageload and to less network delay.
                          
                           6.Http2 requires your developer and designers to come up with new solutions between Http1.1 bugs as they can create issues
                             with new standarteds. 
